h1. Puppet module for hylafax

h2. Overview

Use Hylax to send and receive FAX via an USB modem.


h2. Module Description

Installs the Hylafax client (and server, if requested).

When installing the server the Hylafax will be configured using some variables for
# device name, e.g. ttyACM0
# configuration of device
# custom configuration
## fax nr
## fax id, eg. name of company

## Setup

Tested with
# U.S.Robotics Model 5637 (USB IdVendor=0baf, idProduct=0303)
# Trendnet TFM-561U (USB idVendor=0572, idProduct=1329, Manufacturer: Conexant)
Both were recognized. linux-firmware and linux-firmware-non-free was installed.

Did not work:
# Agere USB2.0 V.92 SoftModem ID 047e:2892

Most problems were solved reading https://wiki.debian.org/HylaFax and /usr/share/doc/hylafax-server/README.Debian.gz

h3. What hylafax affects

* installs hylafax-client/server
* creates a directory for the received faxes

h3. Beginning with hylafax

The very basic steps needed for a user to get the module up and running.

If your most recent release breaks compatibility or requires particular steps
for upgrading, you may wish to include an additional section here: Upgrading
(For an example, see http://forge.puppetlabs.com/puppetlabs/firewall).

h2. Usage

Put the classes, types, and resources for customizing, configuring, and doing
the fancy stuff with your module here.

h2. Reference

Here, list the classes, types, providers, facts, etc contained in your module.
This section should include all of the under-the-hood workings of your module so
people know what the module is touching on their system but don't need to mess
with things. (We are working on automating this section!)

h2. Limitations

Only tested with Debian wheezy (and jessie)

h2. Development

Just fork the module on github and submit pull requests and I will try to integrate them

h2. Release Notes

Is part of the elexis-admin project. Sponsored by Dr. Peter Schönbucher from Lucerne

* version 0.1.0 Initial setup

